outer
5 222
It's broadcast. You're interviewing today.
I get it myself .
So I'm surprised surprised the seen the Son Heung-Min players such as 3 crispus
Yes Hello Life is 4
My first guest
I'm modest. I've seen the score for the first year.
I myself - I think I ate again .
Saenggingeo when I look grudgingly what each
Oh, now that you question I wanted to see you when you meet
Well now, in fact Ido Son Heung-Min craze clothes of the Republic of Korea
Time is so great. Come out of the street. I do not feel like this like you.
I have it
More Myeong-dong or so I once again botaeseo weekend
I do not want to travel around Germany, so I'm busy with the internet.
Few know that the search Min sonheung times a day and another look
Once the Bible is about 10 times,
Example mixing time is also the side
There is a new article, but there is a light , it does not come up, and it strikes again.
I want to have a good alarm clock
Do you remember the name of the reporter you wrote?
All but the latest news before ansseuneun university Joins Wall nerve
I told you.
So I asked.
I was still sweating .
Yesterday hageodeunyo local broadcasting cement strength ttaeyo be expected in Germany
I was surprised What do I do with this help?
When I first got out of the station, I got a lot of tips and it was easy to ask questions
I do not think there's a problem with that.
I looked
So what gets in the middle need to select something like this happened'm waeya
I got a little Boyz Oh he just would not see this 4th price
Yes, I think I have a talent for language.
When I was in Europe, I was talking to another player at a young age.
I think just knowing doengeot wormwood people like me will go so quickly
Is not it
So we came to fight and we did not have enough size in the shop.
Days are tough and it's hard to really adaptation is then
There's no one in the house after the exercise .
I also have to eat rice after the luck .
I also have a lot of time .
Oh, but I can not believe.
So I thought the dog was a little lonely and hard, but not giving up
Will continue to go up forces strive really hard time tell me is real
Even two I went aboard an English one emitter
Then rattling Now players share first look at bullying and more
I do not pass or pass, so I see myself coming
same
Thank you again to the National Assembly
Now it was evil and pursued to the point that the soccer that so did the football
What is the revenue from Tongyeong?
Just like being funny, it 's just me having a ball .
From 4 to start walking I will love him all day
By repeating the beans so that the chart above 5 kkotmacha hope that ah, we meokdeut
Europe Direct Line float that month rattling hit that your friends are the primary colors 1 year 2 years
When i write i can love
It was that much this season but still has a little bit weight corresponding characters are a bit much
Oh look together players that now turn a little minutes to the train as once
I try to change this feeling.
I still have a lot of muscle.
Because of the r-coded muscles, too, how to actually wear clothes before I jump
I saw it.
I think that is wonderful black and white saljjagi hasineunde
No, please. Oh, I honestly think it's kind of great.
Can they survive each could confirm I climbed up there now.
What
It's a pre-season before you start a new season. Debut season 2 LA 2 year season 2 free
50 dekkol I'm awful lot written nine goals scored 18 goals did you do full-pyeong
5 surveys of season-free Aldo
Gotta perform lead Hvar ate deoraguyo know
When I was doing the pre-season City
I did not like it too much . I made it too. It's a stealth foot.
The eight goals are to come to me a strange landscape you gakkul season
I suppose the word you just gonna bust you tell me that I've heard so
But I thank you that have already grown novelties games this season
Oh yeah, you keep watch over it 10g 302 Why do you trust me and taillight
I believe you can trust me because I seemed to be able to trust you.
I have walker 40 times out of 30 times to watch after the workout.
What is a Shooting directors that value immediately after the person conducting deuriguyo me and add
Afraid that he'll get me into Sup wadatji Oh, and that the bishop
It was an expression to be seen because there were coaches .
Outpost is fast, but before I catch the point, I shoot a little more intensively.
One of you who had a lot of practice or a lot of shots
I'm honest with you.
It's been a secret .
You'll have to find it alive during Akari
2 a or game just before